A new generative AI-powered tool called IBM Concert, which will be generally available in June 2024. 
IBM Concert will serve as the ‘nerve center’ of an enterprise’s technology and operations. 
Powered by AI from watsonx, IBM Concert will provide generative AI-driven insights across clients’ portfolios of applications to identify, predict, and 
suggest fixes for problems. The new tool integrates into clients’ existing systems, using generative AI to connect with data from their cloud infrastructure, 
source repositories, CI/CD pipelines and other existing application management solutions to build out a detailed view of their connected applications. 
By allowing clients to eliminate unnecessary tasks and accelerate others, Concert is designed to make teams more informed so they can be fast and responsive in 
addressing issues and solving problems before they happen. 
Concert will initially focus on helping application owners, SREs and IT leaders gain insights about, pre-empt and more quickly address issues around application risk and compliance management. Read this blog to learn more about IBM Concert. IBM expands ecosystem access to watsonx, adds third-party models IBM continues to foster a strong ecosystem of partners to offer clients choice and flexibility through bringing third-party models onto watsonx, enabling leading software companies to embed watsonx capabilities into their technologies, and offering IBM Consulting expertise for enterprise business transformation. IBM Consulting has rapidly expanded its global generative AI expertise, with more than 50,000 practitioners certified in IBM and strategic partner technologies. Our ecosystem of partners, large and small, are helping clients adopt and scale tailored AI across their businesses. AWS: IBM and AWS are partnering to bring together Amazon SageMaker and watsonx.governance on AWS. Available now, this product will equip Amazon SageMaker clients with advanced AI governance capabilities for their predictive machine learning and generative AI models. Clients can now govern, monitor, and manage their models across platforms, simplifying risk management and compliance processes for their AI operations. Adobe: IBM and Adobe are collaborating on hybrid cloud and AI, bringing Red Hat OpenShift and watsonx to Adobe Experience Platform and are exploring making watsonx.ai and Adobe Acrobat AI Assistant available on-prem and private cloud. IBM is also introducing a new consulting service to advance client adoption of Adobe Express. These capabilities are expected to become available in 2H24. Meta: IBM has announced the availability of Meta Llama 3 — the next generation of Meta’s open large language model — on watsonx to help enterprises innovate on their AI journeys. The addition of Llama 3 builds on IBM's collaboration with Meta to advance open innovation for AI. The two companies launched the AI Alliance — a group of leading organizations across industry, startup, academia, research and government — late last year, and it has since grown to more than 100 members and collaborators. Microsoft: IBM is announcing that the watsonx AI and data platform is supported by IBM to run on Microsoft Azure and available to purchase through IBM and our business partner ecosystem as a customer-managed solution on Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO). Mistral: IBM is announcing its intent to create a new strategic partnership with Mistral AI to bring its latest commercial models to the watsonx platform, including the leading Mistral Large model, which the company plans to make available in 2Q24. IBM looks forward collaborating with Mistral AI on open innovation, building on both companies’ work in the open-source community. Palo Alto Networks: IBM has expanded its partnership with Palo Alto to jointly deliver AI-powered security offerings and several initiatives to improve security outcomes for clients. For more, read the full press release. Salesforce: IBM and Salesforce are exploring making the IBM Granite model series available later this year for use across the Salesforce Einstein 1 platform, with the aim to provide clients access to more models to enhance decision making for AI CRM use cases. SAP: IBM Consulting and SAP are also collaborating to find ways to help more customers accelerate their cloud journeys leveraging RISE with SAP so they can realize the transformative benefits of generative AI for business in the cloud. This work seeks to expand on IBM and SAP’s collaboration around embedding IBM Watson AI technology into SAP solutions. As part of this initiative with SAP, the IBM Granite Model Series is expected to be accessible for use across SAP’s portfolio of cloud solutions and applications – which is underpinned by the generative AI hub in SAP AI Core. SDAIA: IBM has launched the Saudi Data and Artificial Intelligence Authority (SDAIA) ‘ALLaM’ Arabic model on watsonx, adding new language capabilities to the platform, including the ability to understand multiple Arabic dialects. To see all THINK news, visit the IBM Newsroom. Access a suite of social assets to share across your business and personal channels with our creative toolkit. Media Contact: Amy Angelini alangeli@us.ibm.com To read IBM recent client & partner testimonials, see below: Broadridge Financial: Leveraging Generative AI to Transform Financial Services “As a trusted global technology partner sitting at the intersection of financial services, application sustainability and advancement is critical to our business strategy to safely and confidently embrace new technologies and deliver advanced services to clients to help them better operate, innovate, and grow,” said Tyler Derr, CTO, Broadridge Financial Solutions. "Working with IBM, we are looking for ways to leverage AI to improve developer experience and productivity and to help understand and document our existing environments.” Casper Labs: Responsible AI Scaling with Blockchain-Enabled Data Governance Solution “Trustworthy data is key to realizing AI’s full potential, particularly in the current regulatory climate” said Mrinal Manohar, CEO at Casper Labs. “Without visibility into data flows, enterprises face unacceptable levels of risk, including intellectual property crossover and unnecessary data sharing across organizational lines. As an ecosystem partner, we’re working with IBM Consulting to create Prove AI, a blockchain-enabled governance solution that pairs our tamper-resistant, highly serialized ledger with IBM watsonx.governance to provide enterprises with an end-to-end AI and data management platform that can safeguard sensitive data and ensure version control.” Department for Work and Pensions: Transforming Service Delivery with Generative AI “As the UK’s largest public service department, we’re using the power of generative AI to make a positive impact on the lives of the millions of citizens we serve every day,” said Rich Corbridge, Director General and Chief Digital Information Officer, Department for Work and Pensions. “Our collaboration with IBM is instrumental in helping us identify and test the most promising AI use cases, build a robust partner ecosystem, develop innovative governance and risk management approaches, and cultivate the skills needed to scale generative AI successfully across the Department.” He added, “At the heart of our approach are human-centred values, while maintaining a forward-looking focus. We prioritise creating simplified, reusable components which we are building through our partnership with IBM. Together, DWP and IBM are transforming the support systems the UK's most vulnerable people interact with every single day.” Dun & Bradstreet: AI Adoption with Trusted Data and Co-Created Solutions “Enterprises need partners who can help them scale AI adoption, which starts with trusted data,” said Gary Kotovets, Chief Data & Analytics Officer at Dun & Bradstreet. “We’re bringing together Dun & Bradstreet and IBM’s nearly 300 years of combined experience to create generative AI solutions that harness Dun & Bradstreet Data Cloud and IBM watsonx to fuel generative AI adoption, starting with Ask Procurement. By leveraging IBM watsonx, D&B Ask Procurement simplifies, accelerates, and reduces the cost of certain essential procurement decisions. Ask Procurement is just one of many examples of how, together, we can help clients drive savings, optimize business processes, and improve risk management with generative AI and reliable data.” Elevance Health: Driving an AI-first Digital-first Experience in Healthcare Customer Service “Elevance Health’s purpose is to improve the health of humanity. We have the privilege of serving over 117M people, and are dedicated to making healthcare more proactive, predictive and personalized,’ said Kumar Gudavalli, Tech Strategy Lead & Chief Architect, Elevance Health. “Our longstanding and trusted relationship with IBM Consulting and the capabilities of IBM watsonx Assistant have helped us achieve both great member and provider experience and strong business outcomes. Driving an AI-first Digital-first experience, we were able to move up a third of interactions to messaging, and AI handles complex healthcare interactions with 60% effectiveness, while delivering much higher customer satisfaction and first contact resolution.” Medtronic: IBM, Microsoft and Medtronic Drive AI-Powered Automation “We are so fortunate to live in a time of limitless potential, a time where we can experience first-hand the power of collaboration. Together with IBM and Microsoft, we are transforming challenges into groundbreaking analytics solutions, setting new industry standards through innovation and excellence,” said Luciano Miranda, Vice President, Advanced Analytics Global Operations & Supply Chain at Medtronic. Sevilla FC: Scouting Reimagined with AI-powered Insights “At Sevilla FC, we’re proud to be at the forefront of innovation in football, and our engagement with IBM is a testament to that commitment,” said José María del Nido Carrasco, Sevilla FC's President. “Our team of 20+ expert scouts, former players and coaches, have curated a treasure trove of 400,000 player-game reports and 200,000 scouting notes, and now using IBM watsonx, we can unlock the full potential of this data, combining human insight with AI-driven analysis to make more informed, data-driven recruitment decisions. This game-changing work with IBM is a bold step forward in the future of football scouting.” Virgin Money wins ‘Best application of AI in Financial Services’ “A year ago, we launched Redi, our Microsoft AI-powered virtual assistant, and we’re thrilled to see over a million of our credit card customers engaging with this innovative technology,” said Adam Paice, Head of Digital, Proposition Virgin Money. “Our customers rave about their interactions with Redi in our Credit Card app, and we believe that's because we are creating digital experiences for them that are as useful as they are delightful. Our collaboration with IBM Consulting has been instrumental in helping us unlock the full potential of generative AI, striking the perfect balance between innovation and control.” Westfield Insurance Boosts Developer Productivity by 80% during pilot “As a leading provider of property casualty insurance, we rely on advanced technology to help balance ever-changing regulations and economic uncertainties. Our goal is to meet customer service expectations while navigating these complexities,” said Don Hurrle, IT Infrastructure, AI, and Agile Transformation Leader, Westfield Insurance. “During an eight-week pilot with IBM, we used watsonx deployed on IBM Cloud to simplify the explanation and documentation of code faster, resulting in an 80%-time reduction for a developer to understand an application. This significant time savings enables our developers to focus on higher-value tasks, improving overall productivity. IBM watsonx Code Assistant for Z also accelerated the understanding of the application by performing analysis, generating reports, and identifying the impact of code changes.” Statements regarding IBM’s future direction and intent are subject to change or withdrawal without notice and represent goals and objectives only. About IBM IBM is a leading provider of global hybrid cloud and AI, and consulting expertise. We help clients in more than 175 countries capitalize on insights from their data, streamline business processes, reduce costs and gain the competitive edge in their industries. More than 4,000 government and corporate entities in critical infrastructure areas such as financial services, telecommunications and healthcare rely on IBM's hybrid cloud platform and Red Hat OpenShift to affect their digital transformations quickly, efficiently and securely. IBM's breakthrough innovations in AI, quantum computing, industry-specific cloud solutions and consulting deliver open and flexible options to our clients. All of this is backed by IBM's long-standing commitment to trust, transparency, responsibility, 
inclusivity and service. Visit www.ibm.com for more information. 
[i] IBM. “Granite Code Models: A Family of Open Foundation Models for Code Intelligence” [ii] IBM. 
“Granite Code Models: A Family of Open Foundation Models for Code Intelligence” [iii] IBM. 
“Granite Code Models: A Family of Open Foundation Models for Code Intelligence” [iv] For data-centric enterprise workloads, generating SQL from natural language questions is one of the most significant and challenging code generation tasks. On May 14, 2024, IBM Granite-based models achieved the top accuracy and efficiency scores on the BIRD ( (BIg Bench for LaRge-scale Database Grounded Text-to-SQL Evaluation) leaderboard for text-to-SQL generation, demonstrating IBM's leadership in this critical enterprise use case. [v] McKinsey. “The Economic Potential of Generative AI.” [vi] Salesforce. “Third Edition State of IT Report.” [vii] IDC: Gary Chen, Jim Mercer. "1 Billion New Logical Applications: More Background.” Subscribe to email Release Categories Artificial intelligenceCorporate Tags: Generative AI watsonx more articles Expand hybrid cloud and AI adoption with IBM Power Virtual Server to boost competitive advantage IBM to drive enterprise-ready AI adoption at scale in collaboration with NVIDIA AI will change the world—the terms are up to us Subscribe to email Facebook Twitter LinkedInDuring Think 2024, IBM made several exciting announcements that showcase enterprise AI at scale and double down on open innovation. IBM’s news and announcements from Think 2024 include: IBM announced that we are open sourcing a family of Granite models. IBM announced that we are broadly introducing our InstructLab model alignment technique. IBM announced new AI assistants like watsonx Code Assistant for Enterprise Java Applications, watsonx Assistant for Z and the new Assistant Builder capability in watsonx Orchestrate. IBM announced IBM Concert, a new watsonx-powered tool that provides generative AI-driven insights for automating IT operations. IBM announced IBM Data Product Hub, Data Gate for watsonx and a host of additional watsonx.data updates. We also made announcements with several of our partners. IBM announced the launch of the Saudi Data and Artificial Intelligence Authority (SDAIA) 'ALLaM' Arabic model on watsonx. IBM and AWS announced they are partnering to bring together Amazon SageMaker and watsonx.governance on AWS. IBM and Adobe announced we are collaborating on hybrid cloud and AI, bringing Red Hat OpenShift and watsonx to Adobe Experience Platform. IBM announced a new strategic partnership with Mistral AI to bring its latest commercial models to the watsonx platform, including the leading Mistral Large model with planned availability for June 2024. IBM announced the IBM watsonx platform is now available to run on Microsoft Azure and to purchase through IBM and our business partner ecosystem as a customer-managed solution on Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO). IBM announced Consulting and SAP are working together to help more customers accelerate their cloud journeys leveraging RISE with SAP. As part of this, the Granite series is expected to be accessible for use across SAP's portfolio of cloud solutions and applications.Think 2024 FAQ | IBM FAQ Register now View session catalog Event information Think 2024 will be held in Boston, MA. It will open with an exclusive, partner-only event on 20 May, filled with inspiration, networking, knowledge-sharing and business value for IBM’s global ecosystem of partners. Then, on 21–23 May, we will bring together senior business and technology leaders from across industries for two and a half days of exploration, discussion and innovation. Think 2024 will host senior business and technology leaders from across industries. Content will be geared toward C-level, line of business and senior IT leaders. Think 2024 programming will be held at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center (BCEC), with some activities at the Omni Boston Hotel at the Seaport. At IBM, we are committed to sustainability and environmentally responsible event planning. We are proud to partner with two distinguished venues, each known for their exemplary sustainable practices. Our event will take place at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center and Omni Seaport in Boston. These venues share our dedication to reducing environmental impact, conserving resources and promoting eco-friendly practices. We are excited to collaborate with them to ensure that Think 2024 and our special events not only deliver an exceptional experience, but also align with our commitment to a greener, more sustainable future. Registration Yes, the Think 2024 event in Boston will be a fee-based event. Standard pricing is USD 1,899, effective 16 January through 23 May 2024. Requests for cancellation of a paid Think pass must be made in writing to IBMThink@gpj.com. Requests received by 19 April 2024, 11:59 PM ET will receive a full refund minus an administrative fee of USD 150. After midnight ET on Saturday, 20 April 2024, no refunds will be issued. Non-attendance does not constitute cancellation. If you have extenuating circumstances, please reach out with an e-mail to IBMThink@gpj.com. Substitutions for purchased passes will be allowed for attendees from the same company, and an administrative fee of USD 150 will be applied to the new registration. Substitutions for complimentary pass holders are not permitted. Please contact your IBM account representative or the Think Guest Services Team at IBMThink@gpj.com. Individuals must be over the age of 21 to participate in conference activities. Infants and young children, even under the supervision or care of an adult, may not attend conference activities at the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center and Omni Boston Hotel. This includes all activities, sessions, meal functions, meeting and exposition space, and the use of event transportation if applicable. There may be stated exceptions where individuals under the age of 21 are allowed with a purchased guest conference badge. If you are having a problem logging into your IBMid, or if you need to create an IBMid, please contact the IBMid help desk. Please contact Think Guest Services via between 9 AM and 6 PM ET. US/Canada: +1-866-382-7150 International: +1-650-416-1881 Email: IBMThink@gpj.com Hotel and Travel IBM has contracted several hotels in the Boston Seaport District, Midtown, and Downtown areas for registered attendees. Nightly rates range from USD 329 to 399, based on availability. Rates do not include hotel occupancy taxes/fees, currently 16.45% (subject to change). Additional charges such as multiple occupancy fees, vary by hotel. The hotel block closes at 5 PM ET on 23 April 2024. Cancellation or changes to hotel reservations are the sole responsibility of the attendee. Cancellations within 72 hours of the reservation check-in date will result in a late cancellation fee of 1 night’s room and tax. If you do not check in on your scheduled arrival date, the remainder of your reservation will be canceled. Your hotel loyalty information can be added at the time of booking. Before 26 April, 5:00 PM ET, reservation modifications and cancellations can be made through your Attendee Portal or by contacting IBM Think Guest Services via email at IBMThink@gpj.com. After 6 May, reservation updates must be done directly with the hotel. Your hotel reservation will be forwarded from the IBM Think Housing team to the hotel on 29 April, 2024. Please note that it will take some time to transfer your hotel reservation. You will receive a hotel confirmation after 6 May, before if possible. After this date you may contact the hotel directly for changes or cancellations. Hotel reservations booked through the Think attendee portal will be transferred to the hotel on 29 April 2024. Before 29 April, please contact Think Guest Services at IBMThink@gpj.com if you have any questions. After 6 May, reservation inquiries must be made directly with the hotel. The hotel rooms contracted by IBM are only available for the duration of the event. If you need to arrive early or extend your stay outside of the event dates, please book those dates either via your approved company travel website or with the hotel directly. Rates will be based on the hotel's availability and are not guaranteed at the conference rate. Unfortunately, IBM has reserved a limited block of hotel rooms at special rates for registered attendees. You can book your room via the Think attendee portal once you have registered. The hotels you see are based on the dates selected and availability at the time of your booking. All rooms are subject to availability, on a first-come, first served basis. Requests can be entered when booking your reservation. Please note that all requests are based on hotel availability and are not guaranteed. If you have any questions or would like to contact us directly, please email Think Guest Services at IBMThink@gpj.com or give us a call at +1 866.382.7150 (U.S. and Canada), +1 650.416.1881 (International). For IBM clients and Business Partners requesting a visa invitation letter, please contact the Think Customer Service team via email at IBMThink@gpj.com and include the following information: - Name on passport - Company name - Address - City - Country Please note that an invitation letter will be provided to registered attendees only. Letters cannot be provided for guests. At the event Yes, IBM is dedicated to providing a safe, respectful, comfortable, and harassment-free environment for all participants at IBM events. Learn more (link resides outside ibm.com) about IBM's Code of Conduct at events. No, unfortunately conference passes are limited and reserved for invited and registered attendees. The conference attire is business casual. Comfortable shoes are recommended. Weather conditions can vary, so please review the local weather prior to your departure for the conference. Shuttle service will not be provided from conference hotels to the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center (BCEC). The recommended options for transportation would be through your choice of Uber/Lyft/Taxi or a short walk. Hotels are within a 3 mile radius to the BCEC. Ground transportation is not provided from/to the airport. As attendees will arrive and depart at different times, the recommended options for transportation would be through your choice of Uber/Lyft/Taxi or a scheduled private pickup. No, unfortunately attendance to the Wednesday evening “Blue Block Party” special event is limited and reserved for invited and registered attendees. To self-park at the BCEC ($25 and $50 for oversized vehicles), from Summer Street, turn onto East Side Drive, drive past the valet area, and continue straight along the side of the building. At the end of the building, make a right and go down the ramp. At the bottom of the ramp, turn left and you will see the entrance to the South Parking lot in front of you. Accessible parking spaces are also located in this lot, closest to the building (the same parking rates apply). View nearby parking lots and garage information here (link resides outside ibm.com). Diversity and Inclusion IBM is committed to creating a respectful, friendly and inclusive experience for all participants. Diversity, equity and inclusion are core components of IBM's culture. IBM's conferences include elements such as accessibility, prayer/meditation rooms, and parent/mother rooms to help foster a deeper sense of inclusion and a welcoming experience for all participants. If you have an accessibility-related need, please let us know in your registration profile or email Guest Services directly at IBMThink@gpj.com, ideally at least two to three weeks prior to the conference. Once we receive your request, one of our ambassadors will contact you. When we know, you’ll know Get updates on speakers, sessions and essential conference information, delivered right to your inbox. SubscribeIBM Consulting Expands Capabilities to Help Enterprises Scale AI IBM Logo Submit IBM Newsroom News All press releases Artificial intelligence Hybrid cloud Research and innovation Corporate Social impact Mergers & acquisitions Media resources Asset gallery Media contacts Global newsrooms Inside IBM Leadership About IBM Investor relations Annual report Analyst reports CSR IBM policy Awards Blog IBM blog IBM Research blog securityintelligence.com Subscribe Latest News IBM Consulting Expands Capabilities to Help Enterprises Scale AI By Mohamad Ali | COO, IBM Consulting May 21, 2024 The rise of generative AI is changing nearly every aspect of business, and nearly 60% of surveyed CEOs report they believe competitive advantage depends on who has the most advanced generative AI, according to the IBM Institute for Business Value’s newest annual CEO study. However, more than half (53%) of surveyed CEOs say they are already struggling to fill key technology roles needed to drive innovation. To meet enterprise clients’ pressing need for expertise and a trusted partner in transformation, today we are excited to share how we’re expanding our generative AI skills and capabilities as well as deepening collaborations with our partners – with an open ecosystem and open-source approach at the heart of our strategy. Unlocking the power of generative AI with an open-source approach IBM is open sourcing our family of large-language Granite models, and Red Hat has released InstructLab, a new approach to advancing open-source innovation for LLMs, simplifying LLM training through community skills and knowledge submissions. Today IBM Consulting is announcing that we are planning to launch a practice to help clients create their own AI foundation models and LLMs using this open-source approach. IBM consultants will help enterprise clients leverage their proprietary data to train purpose-specific AI models that can be scaled to better fit the cost and performance requirements of an enterprise’s business needs. These models will be wholly owned by the enterprise that creates them and will help accelerate performance and drive cost-efficiency with respect to retrieval augmented generation (RAG) and fine-tuning tactics. They can be run in any hybrid cloud environment, including clients’ own hardware, with full life cycle management and governance. The new practice will use InstructLab, Red Hat® OpenShift® AI, an open-source artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) platform for the hybrid cloud and Red Hat Enterprise Linux AI. As the number one global systems integrator for Red Hat, IBM Consulting is well positioned to bring the breadth and depth of our consultants’ knowledge to InstructLab, OpenShift AI and Enterprise Linux AI to advance open-source innovation. By bringing expertise from IBM Consulting data scientists and business subject matter experts in domains like customer experience and industries like financial services and telecommunications, we’ll be able to train and fine tune our clients’ models for enhanced efficacy. Expanding IBM Consulting Advantage to consistently deliver value Core to our open approach is IBM Consulting Advantage, our AI services platform that brings together a portfolio of Assistants, assets and methods that use technology from IBM and strategic partners to empower IBM consultants to deliver value for clients with consistency, repeatability, quality and speed. For example, with IBM Consulting Assistants, consultants can toggle across multiple IBM and third-party generative AI models to compare outputs and select the right model for their task. They can also use the platform to rapidly build and share prompts and pre-trained assistants across teams or more widely across the consulting organization. We will enable IBM Consulting Advantage to consume InstructLab Models. In addition, we plan to rapidly expand IBM Consulting Advantage this quarter with new Assistants, assets and methods tailored to support specific consulting roles or client engagement types, including application modernization and management, data transformation and business process transformation. Next up on our roadmap will be IBM Consulting Advantage for developers, SAP consulting and marketing. We’re continually adding new Assistants by role and domain to the platform – with over 2,000 Assistants now available and growing – and are curating them into packs such as one that supports tasks across software development lifecycle or one for consultants’ everyday tasks like project management or business case development. It’s exciting to see the innovation that’s possible when our 160,000 consultants have the raw materials to create new AI-powered solutions that augment their existing expertise and creativity and bring them new data-powered insights. For example, consultants supporting clients on SAP projects can use the platform to support delivery on tasks like creating user stories, generating test scripts, training and change management content, and code creation and analysis. IBM Consulting Advantage incorporates IBM Garage, IBM’s proven, collaborative engagement model that helps us align our work to business value drivers and scale impact for clients by 2x by tracking business value at each stage of transformation. Ramping up generative AI partnerships to foster innovation IBM Consulting is also rapidly expanding our ecosystem capabilities with generative AI to better serve our clients: Adobe: IBM Consulting and Adobe have partnered to revolutionize client experiences,while also streamlining our internal creative workflows with generative AI, including Adobe Firefly. AWS: IBM Consulting is expanding our AWS capabilities to make it easier for enterprises to scale AI with end-to-end governance, building on the newly available integration of IBM watsonx.governance with Amazon SageMaker. IBM recently launched 15 new IBM Consulting professional services and assets on AWS Marketplace, which are focused on data and application modernization, security services, and tailored industry-specific solutions – with generative AI capabilities included in select services. IBM watsonx.ai is also available on AWS Marketplace, another significant milestone for the collaboration. Celonis: IBM Consulting and Celonis are working together to help enterprises unlock the full value of their data through generative-AI-powered process mining. Microsoft: IBM Consulting just announced Microsoft Copilot Runway, a new offering led by IBM Consulting’s dedicated practice for Microsoft Copilot to help clients create, customize, deploy and manage Copilots across their enterprises. NVIDIA: IBM Consulting is optimizing IBM Consulting Advantage for the NVIDIA AI full-stack accelerated computing platform for the public, banking and industrial sectors. This includes NVIDIA NIM inference microservices and generative AI tools, software development kits (SDKs), and frameworks, which are part of the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software platform. Palo Alto Networks: As a preferred Managed Security Services Provider, IBM will drive a significant book of business in cybersecurity and AI security services with Palo Alto Networks platforms, and we also will train more than 1,000 of our security consultants on migration, adoption and deployment of Palo Alto Networks products. Palo Alto Networks’ solutions will also be accessible in IBM Consulting Advantage. Salesforce: IBM Consulting was recently named as a systems integrator partner in the Salesforce Zero Copy Partner Network, helping clients integrate Salesforce Data Cloud to unlock previously inaccessible data. Powerful new industry-specific prompt templates from IBM Consulting are planned extensions in Salesforce Einstein copilot later this year. SAP: IBM and SAP just announced the next era of our strategic partnership with new generative AI capabilities and industry-specific cloud solutions that can help clients unlock business value. ServiceNow: We are deepening our collaboration with ServiceNow to help clients maximize the value of their digital workflow investments with generative AI solutions in all areas of their businesses. Ready for the Automation platform of tomorrow IBM today is also previewing IBM Concert®, a new tool powered by the IBM watsonx AI and data platform that will provide visibility and insight into the entire ecosystem of business applications, and the clouds, networks, and assets on which they are built. IBM consultants can help clients establish an integrated AIOps strategy including risk, compliance and certificate management, and apply IBM Concert and other technologies to combat IT complexity across hybrid cloud environments. Skilling central to our generative AI momentum IBM Consulting has taken a use-case led approach to helping clients scale AI, and we’ve rapidly built upon our initial three use cases of customer service, human resources and application modernization with new use cases like AI governance and data transformation as well as transforming front and back-office workflows with AI. We've seen great traction in the market for our preconfigured solutions powered by IBM watsonx and partner technology and have supported hundreds of client engagements around business transformation fueled by enterprise-grade AI – from Dun & Bradstreet and Riyadh Air to Elevance Health and Water Corporation of Western Australia. For example, IBM consultants understanding, explanation and transformation of millions of lines of legacy code is key to realizing generative AI’s promise for clients who are embracing what simply wasn’t possible until the debut of IBM watsonx Code Assistant for Z. IBM Consulting is proud to be the only major global consultancy that sits within a technology company at a time when technology is central to business growth and competitive advantage. In the past year alone, more than 50,000 of our practitioners earned generative AI certifications for IBM watsonx and strategic partner technology. We’re continuing to expand our services and boost our AI and hybrid cloud expertise through key acquisitions including several in the past year, like application modernization capabilities from Advanced, Agyla SAS and Equine Global. And IBM is doing its part in the AI skills race with its commitment to upskill two million learners in AI globally by the end of 2026 through SkillsBuild, AI Academy and more. There is incredible opportunity ahead. Statements regarding IBM's future direction and intent are subject to change or withdrawal without notice, and represent goals and objectives only. Subscribe to email Article Categories Back to Stories Tags: Consulting Generative AI more articles Expand hybrid cloud and AI adoption with IBM Power Virtual Server to boost competitive advantage IBM to drive enterprise-ready AI adoption at scale in collaboration with NVIDIA AI will change the world—the terms are up to us Subscribe to email Recommended Stories Expand hybrid cloud and AI adoption with IBM Power Virtual Server to boost competitive advantage IBM to drive enterprise-ready AI adoption at scale in collaboration with NVIDIA AI will change the world—the terms are up to us More » Facebook Twitter LinkedIn